Document events, stripe and add events to pricing and contact fragments (#549)
okkur/syna: exampleSite/content/fragments/pricing/docs.md

URL of the button on the column.

##### Usage with events

You can make use of the Events api through this variable.

- Not setting the `button_url` variable will publish an event with `title`, `subtitle`, `price` and `currency` variables.

> - Setting it to an event url such as: `/dev/events/payment?event=pricing:change&product=Starting plan&price=$9.99/mo&currency=usd` will redirect the page and publish a custom event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting it to an event url such as: `/fragments/stripe/?event=pricing:change&product=Starting plan&price=$9.99/mo&currency=usd` will redirect the page and publish a custom event.
```
